
•	What specific concepts, skills, or insights have you gained that you feel proud of? How have these shaped your overall understanding or approach to the subject matter?
o	I feel the proudest of my understanding and insights of the use of GitHub, Linux, Visual Studio Code, DockerHub, and Python.  I feel that developing my skills with these concepts, software, and programs was necessary in understanding the subject matter.  Without developing that understanding I feel that I would have been absolutely lost when trying to complete assignments.
•	Reflecting on the challenges you faced, how did you work to overcome them? Are there areas where you feel you could continue to improve or would like to explore further?
o	As this was my first real introduction to Python – and to a lesser extent programming – I felt I faced many challenges regarding understanding the subject matter both theoretically and practically.  My best tactic at combatting this was solely effort, since the resources were already there I found that taking the time to work through the code and develop my own methods of trial and error along with already accepted methodologies (DRY, LBYL, etc.) I could complete assignments – maybe not as easily as others.
•	How have your interactions with peers or the instructor enriched your learning experience? Are there specific ways these interactions supported your growth or areas where they could be improved?
o	Having the opportunity to ask questions and share experiences with the assignments with my peers and the instructor has given me just that much greater degree of understanding for an otherwise brand new topic of study for me.  For instance, I deeply appreciated the opportunity to work on assignments during scheduled class times as it served as almost a lab/open forum to try the assignment with the instructor and others available to help us when we hit a wall or ran into tricky technical programming difficulties.
•	Which aspects of the course structure (e.g., lectures, assignments, discussions) were most effective for your learning? Were there any elements that could be improved or adjusted?
o	I enjoyed the structure of the assignments and felt that it helped to have the explanation of the code and the assignment instructions all online and easily accessible.  It allowed me to check and re-check information regarding the subject matter conveniently without having to lug around excessive amounts of paper or books.  If there was one thing that I think would be better – though I’m not all that passionate about it, either way – it would be to have the due dates for the quiz, the code based assignment, and the reflection to be due on separate days.  Again, it was a very small thing and comes down only to my personal preference not base on my perceived performance improvement.  Overall it was a very enlightening course and I’m glad I took it.

